added information about running as a daemon (#8)
kamack38/easycar: README.md

RUST_LOG="INFO" ./target/release/easycar-service
```

## Running as a daemon

> User systemd unitfile is provided (easycar.service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User systemd unit file is provided (easycar.service).
```
"unit file" is written separately in the systemd docs

> User systemd unit file is provided (easycar.service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user systemd unit file is provided (`easycar.service`).
```

> Secrets.toml needs to reside in the home directory of an user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Secrets.toml` needs to reside in the home directory of a user.
```

> After the installation copy the unitfile to ~/.config/systemd/user/ and enable + start it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation copy the unit file to ~/.config/systemd/user/ and enable + start it:
```
Same as above

```bash
systemctl --user enable --now easycar.service
```

> If you prefer it to restart automagically after the reboot, enable lingering for your user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want it to start automatically after a reboot, enable lingering for your user:
```

```bash
sudo loginctl enable-linger "$(whoami)"

> ```

Reviewer: Why is this needed?

Reviewer: Makes sense
